---
layout: post
title:  "Download the full book now!"
date:   2025-02-13 22:11:09 -0500
categories: download order update
---

## Circuits and Code is officially RELEASED! 
Pop over to the <a href="{{ '/download/' | relative_url }}">download page</a> to get your free copy now!

## About the Book
Circuits and Code offers over 20 interview-style questions and answers designed for embedded software and electrical engineering interns. Written by two authors with experience hiring and mentoring interns for embedded software and electrical engineering roles, it draws on their academic background and industry expertise to focus on the concepts that matter most to interviewers.

With clear, concise explanations, coding snippets, and sample circuit diagrams, this guide provides a practical resource for motivated students preparing for co-op interviews. The complete, thoughtfully designed questions are ideal for interview practice, helping you build confidence in areas like firmware development, control systems, and hardware design. Whether you're tackling your first technical interview or refining your skills, this book offers the tools to succeed.

## A bit on why it's free now
We recognized that this type of book is a missing resource for many early-career electrical and embedded software engineers. Even through the course of writing this book, we had a few reviewers mention that they got asked, verbatum, some of the questions featured in this guide, and proved to be helpful in their current job hunt.

We're hoping that by making this resource free, we increase its impact among early career engineers. If you find it helpful, consider telling a friend and/or giving the book a shoutout on your favourite social media. 